
Quote that changed Sir William Oslers life
Thomas Carlyle
Quoted in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.23
live in the moment,anxiety,worry,future
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.

end

Sir William Oslers secret to preparing for the future
Sir William Osler
Quoted in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.24
live in the moment,future,anxiety,worry
The best possible way to prepare for tomorrow is to concentrate with all your intelligence, all your enthusiasm, on doing todays work superbly today. That is the only possible way you can prepare for the future

end

Take therefore no thought for the morrow...
Jesus Christ
Matthew 6:34
live in the moment,future,anxiety,worry
Take therefore no thought for the morrow; for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Dale Carnegie points out that the word thought may be more appropriately translated as anxiety. So it, instead, would say have no anxiety for the morrow.

end

That is all I can do
Admiral Ernest J. King
Quoted in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.25
anxiety,worry,all I can do
I have supplied the best men with the best equipment we have and have given them what seems to be the wisest mission. That is all I can do.

end

One step enough for me
John Henry Newman
LDS Hymn 97
Trust God,live in the moment,worry,anxiety
Lead, kindly Light
Keep though my feet: I do not ask to see
The distant scene; one step enough for me.

end

Two eternities
Dale Carnegie
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.27
live in the moment,worry,anxiety,future
You and I are standing this very second at the meeting place of two eternitites: the vast past that has endured forever, and the future that is plunging on to the last syllable of recorded time. 
We cannot possibly live in either of those eternities--no, not even for one split second.

end

Everyone can live one day
Robert Louis Stevenson
Quoted in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.28
diligence,live in the moment
Anyone can carry his burden, however hard, until nightfall. Anyone can do his work, however hard, for one day. Anyone can live sweetly, patiently, lovingly, purely, till the sun goes down. And this is all that life really mean.

end

Tomorrow, do they worst
Horace
Quoted in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.29
anxiety,worry,live in the moment
Happy is the man...who, secure within, can say: Tomorrow, do thy worst, for I have lived today.

end

Every day is a new life to a wise man
Not sure
Quote in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.28
diligence,new start,repentance
Every day is a new life to a wise man

end

This day will never dawn again
Dante
Quoted in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, p.30
live in the moment
Think that this day will never dawn again.

end

This is the day which the Lord hath made
David
Psalms 118:24
live in the moment,future
This is the day which the Lord hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.

end

